DATES AND PLACE
The first edition of Nanometers Festival will be held in Fano at the Sangallo Bastion from 29 to 31 August 2019.

OPEN CALL INTERNATIONAL
The call is open to short films and animations.
The theme will be energy, understood in a broad sense, from the kinetic to the luminous one, reaching what is in each of us. 
As a reference we want to use the phrase of the physicist Feynmann:

“It is important to keep in mind that in today’s physics, we have no knowledge of what energy is.”

CONDITIONS OF ADMISSION
Short films and animations should not be longer than 30 minutes.
Works carried out in the last 3 years will be accepted.
An author can present more works.
All selected works will be screened during the festival.
Participation is free.
To participate just sign up for the online form: nanometri.com/call-for-artists.

PRE-SELECTION
Participants will be informed of the pre-selection results by 31 July 2019. Once submitted for the festival, the films cannot be picked up. The selected artists will be asked for the file in the most suitable media for the projection. Any shipping costs for physical media (if necessary) will be charged to the artists. The submitted works will become part of the festival archive.

SUBTITLES
Films containing dialogues must be subtitled in English.

PROMOTION
Participants authorize Nanometri Festival to use up to 30” of selected works for promotional purposes.

SCREENING RIGHTS
By submitting a film to the Festival the applicant confirms and warrants that he/she is entitled to submit the film to Nanometri Festival and has authorization and consent from the owners of copyright and related rights, any trademarked content and/or other subject matter of intellectual property on the content included within the submitted film.
The applicant guarantees that all screening rights are cleared, declares to be the owner of the rights in the work submitted and that he/she is authorized to grant rights of usage and/or to transfer it to third parties.
The Festival reserves the right to exclude any film that is subject to third parties’ claims.

For information and contacts: info@nanometri.com
